We.
Let's discuss the things around serialization.
So what is serialization our civilization is basically a way where you can actually see you and retrieve
the state of an object.
So you have an object and you'd want to stay with to define and you would want to retrieve the content
of the object at a later point in time.
In those kind of situations you would use serialization.
So basically a civilization is basically two steps right.
First one is civilization that can would object to some internal representation.
So you want to serialize an object the serialization is the work you want to dig the internal representation
or you want to take a file and convert that to an object to serialization.
And the serialization.
And there are two important methods that are there in the object output stream right object and read
object create object could see delays that object would be the serialising things will look at that
with an example with ease.
How do you see an object using the Serializable interface.
So this code to do a civilization is very very simple so you really create a file out here and being
a file output stream with what is the file that should contain the civilized things.
So I'm creating a rectangle that I see as the file which should contain the Serializable serialized
object.
So I would want to write this to this file.
The content of the object to I'm creating a file load but I'm creating an object output stream using
the file stream as the input so as to construct an argument and then I'm writing the object that actually
do it and write and write object.
Rectangle 5 Camors 6.
So ending an object stream that flows that's it.
This is how you use to utilize an object.
The important thing about the rectangle class is the fact that it's serializable.
Other than that it's all a normal class.
So it's not there's nothing special about this rectangle class except the fact that it's implementing
the Serializable interface except to read the answer.
Right here it is to seal is an object of class should implement the Serializable interface so a rectangle
class here is implementing the Serializable interface as a level is just a marker interface.
It's not really having any methods that need to be defined it's just a marketing device to say that
this class can be serialized that it will not talk about the reverse process which is DC realization.
Realization is now I want to take the rectangle that SC or five which I created earlier and I would
want to read the read it into a Rectangle object.
So the way you do that is we're going to hear the process the same except that here you'd call the read
object in the right object viewed as a real object and read it into the Rectangle object.
So you can see that when I print the values it would be a rectangle that lent a rectangular grid and
area it to 5 6 and that's basically serialization and deserialization you end up there is a lot of talk
about that effectively civilization and the civilization are really simple.
There's this big method and the object's output stream.
And the object input stream to read and write the things in.
So the only important thing that you need to remember is the object that you'd want to see you should
implement this Serializable interface.
Let's say I have a rectangle where I only want to see the last 10 objects.
So let's say there is a variable called area here.
I don't want to see delays the area because area is initialized when the object is created.
So I don't want to store or I don't want to see the lies the variable in those kind of situations.
We use something called transiency.
So when I say variable i benchmark A MOMbo variable as transient then it will not be c lazed you'd see
that when we read the object the rectangle is set to a default value which is zero.
That's one thing you should be careful about.
I mean the thing is when you DC relays the constructor of the object will not be called.
So even though in this constructor initializing the area because when IDC relays the constructor is
not really called The area is not properly initialized.
Next we would want to discuss how to DCD serialize a hierarchy of objects.
So here I have a house and this house has a wall.
We want to serialized the entire hierarchy.
If you look at this specific thing right now how is implements Serializable how in the world does not
imply anti-realism well.
So when we try to see Eliza how Eisenstein's what would we get we would get and not realisable exception
to it because while it's not really serializable.
So now we have two options One is we can make wild transients then one will not be serialized at all.
So they will object will not be serialized so whenever the values are stored of the object the values
inside the wall object will not be stored at least for and that's not a good option usually.
So the other option is to make this voile object implement Serializable so that probably the preferred
option will actually make will implement the realisable and you go ahead and serialize the entire hierarchy
of house.
Now the house can be serialized and the wall can be serialized as well.
Serialize a hierarchy of things we would need to implement and we would need to implement realisable
in each of the classes in the higher rate.
As we discussed earlier the constructors are not called when a object is DC realized when an object
is less initialization constructors and initializers does not take place.
So the initialization does not happen.
So the State of the object as it is loaded from the DC realized thing in the serialized file.
That's exactly what would be the state of the object not the insulators and not become strippers who
would be called.
Also the important thing is static with evil are not really considered to be part of an object so they
are not part of the serialization process.
Static labels are considered to be part of the class and not of the object.
So they are not part of this serialization.
All the examples that we discuss in this specific deal are present in three different classes serialization
example.
See that as an example stewe anti-religious and examples.
So this would contain a lot more information than what we are discussing in here.
I would really recommend you to spend some time with these examples as an exercise and see if you have
any questions about any of them.
Good luck with that and in next we do pre-buy.